now let's brine from our he calls again
sitting here and I made a brand new call
the had before of put two or three
together
if you look here I've got three pyramids
in this one
this pyramid is just like the front one
this has turned backwards so it gives
you a back and forth motion it makes a
different sound this is made out of over
I guess sometime fine smooth man give me
a deal more than me to make him a call
so I made him one others would I think
it's some kind of time this when I added
her like I did on one before then I had
one on a box called so I time match the
mold I made a fight infer was a back and
forth single rod and this one Nana made
you straight for a tips fighting purse
and then I had the double fighting purse
just the two rods this and here is kind
of different
I'm going to try to show you I played
with it that much we're gonna set here
and we're gonna play and I'd say if
people didn't see before word on the
cold way I like to do when I put them
together and I send pyramids with every
call and rubber band and stuff what I
did when I put my pyramids in there I
take my child just drop the pyramid just
a little bit to see if it makes a sound
and this in here you can't really hear
it right there
this makes a little so they're making a
little sound I know they're going work
son they like say I'm a lot of calls
when I put them together I take that
they're gonna put a rubber band on first
and just lay that down and just rub that
know you got spam so you kind of know it
then I try the east this little bit so
they're all gonna make sound or I don't
know so I'm going to put a rubber band
on that first one see what it does
band on here and that sign you're out
here a lot of people for some people
knows autumn don't be sure they're not
putting fingers on top of your top bar
or on your pyramid cause you're all on
your fingers get on that masses at that
time we're going to try this first with
myself and see what it does
this first call we'll just see how to do
some things going to work don't sound
too bad then I say all of my all of mine
if you want them stronger just put that
real bad on top and it should make it a
little higher pitch more you put up the
more sound and you put on the bottom
fangasm
and I'll take that one off and I say all
my calls come with different strengths
rubber bands so you don't have to
necessarily go up and down every time
like that so I'm gonna put this right
bad on this black dude ain't played with
and that I might not be able to show you
is how to do the gooses hand now that's
your call you're one that's in backwards
this one is so don't make a noise when
it goes back go back to that one then go
forward alright then you go to your next
one say the first one won't make a sound
without those flows your bat-call will
hit it see what it does then you put
them together just a little bit
yes see what we've got all together here
different dude we've got many different
varieties was this thing so try them oh
yeah there see if we got her fighting
her kinda alright then you take that
backward or the one that's in the back
road you take it out it's no big deal
it just takes a little practice that
gives two different phones you fight per
just keep it off - take it off of that
yeah no doubt course I'll work on that's
more interacting who died of course we
gotta work changes at home got two
different girls kinda fix anger on it
seem like makes a little deeper thank
you
I work on I said you don't like is he
bad you take that first one out than one
this back hurts and then you got like